Document new one-step setup for FM (#931)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/fleet-management/aura-cli.adoc

The guide assumes that you already have a running Neo4j database that you want to register with Fleet Manager.

If not, documentation for setting up your Neo4j database can be found from the following pages:

** Documentation for installing a Neo4j database can be found at: link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/installation/[Installation]

> ** The latest versions of Neo4j ship with Fleet Manager built-in. Documentation for installing the Fleet Manager plugin in older versions of Neo4j: xref:./setup.adoc#_setup_using_plugin_neo4j_4_4_x_5_26_x_2026_03_0[Plugin setup]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The latest versions of Neo4j ship with Fleet Manager built-in. 
For earlier versions of Neo4j, you need the Fleet Manager plugin. 
For installation instructions, see xref:./setup.adoc#_setup_using_plugin_neo4j_4_4_x_5_26_x_2026_03_0[Plugin setup].
```

Reviewer: The latest version or versions? If it's more than one version we mean, then the earliest applicable version that has Fleet Manager built in should be mentioned. This applies to the comment above as well.

Author: Perhaps it's better to be completely explicit about it. It will come built in from 2026.03.0 and onwards :)

> ** The latest versions of Neo4j ship with Fleet Manager built-in. Documentation for installing the Fleet Manager plugin in older versions of Neo4j: xref:./setup.adoc#_setup_using_plugin_neo4j_4_4_x_5_26_x_2026_03_0[Plugin setup]

Reviewer: You may want to use the same verbiage here:
_Neo4j 2026.03.0 and later ships with Fleet Manager built-in._
